How old was Freddy prince when he died?
I don't even think it's Freddie Prinze Jr. Related.
At all? Yes. It's.
His son. How old is he? 22.
He was 20 she's half 22. Holy.
You know what? I still remember my. Want me to tell you why?
I remember that night specifically, because I had one on the way home.
It was so cold that I had to cut through the cemetery.
And when I was walking through the cemetery, I had to take a. I don't know.
And I went in front of a casket.
The guy had been buried in like 1920. So I go, it. He's got no family left.
Right? It was freezing. Joe Rogan freezing.
I pull my pants down to my knees. I squat. I take a and I started.
And all of a sudden I got to get up, but I pitched him my own pants.
My pants were frozen. I had to walk home like the tin man.
The best went right into the pants.
And I walked in and my mother was there and I walked in with pee on me.
And she's like, well, what are we doing here? Like,
not going to kill another chicken. I can't eat this no more.
Frozen all over his pants. What are we doing here is the funny. Yeah.
And every time I came home on an idea, my mother turned the Santa's real. Like,
that's it. I got to call you a godmother. I can't handle this no more.
When I started dressing up like Bruce Lee and I had incense in my room and a
bowl of rice, she was going,
[inaudible] the white shirt that you folded. I bowed.
I learned how you use chomp steaks. My mother would go, that's it.
You got to go to your godmother's house. You got a problem.
Something's wrong with you. You're not Chinese stupid. You're not Chinese.